Source: https://www.panini.co.uk/delivery-terms-and-costs fetched 2026-10-02 (HTML stripped to text)

Shipping and Delivery Information FREE express delivery for orders £50 and over (excluding orders sent from Italy to Eire or Gibraltar) Delivery of products being sent to the UK Individual cards and stickers ordered through our missing card/sticker service are sent from Italy so will arrive separately from items which come from the UK warehouse. The dispatch location can be found on each item in the ‘More Information’ section. Delivery of products sent from the UK FEES: For orders from £0 to £19.99 choose standard non-trackable delivery (£2.95) or select express delivery (£4.95). Standard delivery is free for orders £20 and over or select express delivery (£4.95). For orders £50 and over, you will receive FREE express delivery. TERMS: Express Deliveries: sent via Royal Mail and usually delivered 1-2 working days from the date of dispatch*, but could take longer at peak times . Tracking will be provided once dispatched. Unless otherwise stated on the product description (including but not limited to where items are available to pre-order), Express Delivery orders placed before 11:00 am Monday to Friday will be dispatched the same working day. Express Delivery orders placed after 11:00 am Monday to Friday will be dispatched the following working day. *Delivery to Northern Ireland, non-UK mainland, Scottish Highland and British Forces Post Office (BFPO) addresses may take a day or two longer. All orders should arrive within 7 working days of leaving the warehouse, and most arrive in 1–4 days. Standard Deliveries: sent via Royal Mail 2nd class untracked service and usually delivered within 7 working days from the date of dispatch, but could take longer at peak times . Orders are dispatched within 1-2 working days. Orders are not sent at the weekend or on UK Public Holidays, and there are no deliveries on Sundays or UK Public Holidays. Please allow extra time for delivery on orders placed around public holidays or at peak times. Delivery of products sent from Italy (including individual cards and stickers) FEES: For orders from £0 to £19.99, choose standard non-trackable delivery (£3.50) or select express delivery (£10.50). For orders £20 to £49.99, choose standard non-trackable delivery (free) or select express delivery (£10.50). For orders £50 and over, you will receive FREE express delivery. TERMS: Due to the current high volume of orders, it may take up to 30 days from the order date for missing stickers/cards orders to arrive where standard delivery is selected. Express deliveries should arrive within 7 working days of ordering. Recipients of non-EU shipments may be subject to possible remittance of taxes and custom duties levied by the competent tax authority of your shipping destination. Please contact your customs office for more information. Delivery of mixed orders being sent from both the UK and Italy FEES: For orders from £0 to £49.99, choose standard non-trackable delivery (£4.95) or select express delivery (£9.95). For orders £50 and over, you will receive FREE express delivery. TERMS: Please refer to the delivery terms above for products being sent from the UK and from Italy. Items ordered from Italy and from the UK will arrive in different deliveries. Delivery of product being sent to Eire or Gibraltar ! Please note that there is a minimum order value of £20 for orders placed by customers in Eire and Gibraltar where products are sent from the UK or from both the UK and Italy. Orders sent only from Italy do not have a minimum order value. Individual cards and stickers ordered through our missing card/sticker service are sent from Italy so will arrive separately from items which come from the UK warehouse. The dIspatch location can be found on each item in the ‘More Information’ section. Delivery of products sent from the UK FEES: For orders from £20 to £49.99 items will be sent by express delivery (£4.95). For orders £50 and over, you will receive FREE express delivery. TERMS: Unless otherwise stated on the product description (including but not limited to where items are available to pre-order), o rders placed before 11:00 am Monday to Friday will be dispatched the same working day. Orders placed after 11:00 am Monday to Friday will be dispatched the following working day. Deliveries to Eire: sent via DPD and usually delivered 2-3 working days from the date of dispatch, but could take longer at peak times . Tracking will be provided once dispatched. Deliveries to Gibraltar: Your order should usually arrive 3-5 working days from the date of dispatch, but could take longer at peak times . Orders are not sent at the weekend or on UK Public Holidays, and there are no deliveries on Sundays or UK Public Holidays. Please allow extra time for delivery on orders placed around public holidays or at peak times. Delivery of products sent from Italy (including individual cards and stickers) FEES: For orders from £0 to £49.99, choose standard non-trackable delivery (£5.00) or select express delivery (£10.50). For orders £50 and over, items will be sent by express delivery (£12.00). TERMS: Due to the current high volume of orders, it may take up to 30 days from the order date for missing stickers/cards orde