"Prepare for Trouble – Team Rocket’s Ambition Themed Booster Pack Coming Soon to Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket" - The Pokémon Company North America Official Press Site
Skip to main content
You are about to leave a site operated by The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
The Pokémon Company International is not responsible for the content of any linked website that is not operated by The Pokémon Company International. Please note that these websites' privacy policies and security practices may differ from The Pokémon Company International's standards.
Cancel
Continue
;
Close video player
End of video player
Close lightbox
View previous image
View next image
Download
The Pokémon Company North America Official Press Site
Official Press Site
United States
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Mexico
New Zealand
United States
Europe
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Video Games
Mobile Apps
Pokémon Trading Card Game
Animation and Movies
Pokémon Center
Published Products
Licensed Products
Events
Play! Pokémon
Licensing Expo
Sweet Suite
Toy Fair
Corporate and Brand
Corporate Announcements and Assets
Pokémon Day
Anniversaries
PR contacts
Home
Press Releases
Prepare for Trouble –
Team Rocket’s Ambition
Themed Booster Pack Coming Soon to Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
Media Alert
8/20/2026 6:00 AM
Prepare for Trouble –
Team Rocket’s Ambition
Themed Booster Pack Coming Soon to Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
Bellevue, Wash. — Aug. 20, 2026 —
Today, The Pokémon Company group announced that
Team Rocket’s Ambition,
a new themed booster pack revolving around the iconic evil organization Team Rocket, will be available in
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
starting Aug. 27.
Team Rocket's Ambition
Themed Booster Pack
In the new
Team Rocket's Ambition
themed booster pack, players can discover cards with artwork depicting Team Rocket’s schemes and interactions between the grunts and their Pokémon as they go about their antics. Select cards obtained will also feature Team Rocket’s signature R mark.
For a sneak peek at the upcoming themed booster pack, fans can check out a new trailer on the
official Pokémon YouTube channel
.
Upcoming Events
[1]
Team Rocket’s Special Assignments (Aug. 27 at 11 p.m. PDT to Sept. 28 at 10:59 p.m. PDT):
Obtain Team Rocket’s Shady Tickets by completing missions and try to find where they can be used in-game during the event period.
Team Rocket’s Ambition
Emblem Event (Aug. 27 at 11 p.m. PDT to Sept. 9 at 10:59 p.m. PDT):
Obtain themed emblems that can be set on the player’s profile based on how many battles are won against other players.
Team Rocket’s Lapras Drop Event (Sept. 9 at 11 p.m. PDT to Sept. 19 at 10:59 p.m. PDT):
Win special solo battles to obtain B Series promo packs vol. 12.
Wonder Pick Event (Sept. 18 at 11 p.m. PDT to Sept. 28 at 10:59 p.m. PDT):
Promo cards featuring Fennekin and Meowstic will appear in wonder picks. During this event, there will also be missions that allow players to obtain an event shop ticket which can be exchanged for a promo card in the Shop.
In addition, Trainers can look forward to the upcoming
Team Rocket’s Ambition
: The Great Puzzle Challenge Campaign where players can solve puzzles on a special site to obtain serial codes that allow players to claim pack hourglasses in-game. More details about this campaign, including the campaign duration, will be announced on Aug. 27.
For more information about Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket, please visit
Pokemon.com/TCGPocket
.
[1]
Event duration periods are subject to change. Trainers can stay tuned in to in-game news for complete event details, including eligibility requirements and other terms of participation.
Language options
Brazil
Mexico
United States
More information
Product links
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
Contact
TriplePoint PR
pokemon@triplepointpr.com
Assets
Download
0
items
Zip content limit reached!
Add set to downloads
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket Team Rocket's Ambition Logo
Add set to downloads
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket Team Rocket's Ambition Card Images
Add set to downloads
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket Team Rocket's Ambition Booster Pack
Add set to downloads
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket Team Rocket's Ambition Trailer
www.pokemon.com
facebook.com/Pokemon
x.com/pokemon
youtube.com/pokemon
instagram.com/pokemon
Press site by
© 2026 Pokémon. TM, ® Nintendo.
Legal Information
|
Media Usage Guidelines
This is taking longer than usual to load.
Retry
Close
Your downloads
Total download size:
Clear list
Download
[
More
...]