"Pokémon Celebrates 30 Years with New Announcements at Inaugural PokémonXP and 2026 Pokémon World Championships" - The Pokémon Company North America Official Press Site
Skip to main content
You are about to leave a site operated by The Pokémon Company International, Inc.
The Pokémon Company International is not responsible for the content of any linked website that is not operated by The Pokémon Company International. Please note that these websites' privacy policies and security practices may differ from The Pokémon Company International's standards.
Cancel
Continue
;
Close video player
End of video player
Close lightbox
View previous image
View next image
Download
The Pokémon Company North America Official Press Site
Official Press Site
United States
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Mexico
New Zealand
United States
Europe
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Video Games
Mobile Apps
Pokémon Trading Card Game
Animation and Movies
Pokémon Center
Published Products
Licensed Products
Events
Play! Pokémon
Licensing Expo
Sweet Suite
Toy Fair
Corporate and Brand
Corporate Announcements and Assets
Pokémon Day
Anniversaries
PR contacts
Home
Press Releases
Pokémon Celebrates 30 Years with New Announcements at Inaugural PokémonXP and 2026 Pokémon World Championships
Press Release
8/30/2026 11:00 PM
Pokémon Celebrates 30 Years with New Announcements at Inaugural PokémonXP and 2026 Pokémon World Championships
2027 Pokémon World Championships to Take Place in Singapore; All-New Animated Movie, ‘Pokémon: Wild Card,’ Revealed Alongside Other Announcements
BELLEVUE, Wash.
— Aug. 31, 2026 —
It was a weekend to remember in San Francisco as Trainers from across the globe descended upon the inaugural PokémonXP event and the 2026 Pokémon World Championships, where this year’s champions were crowned while Trainers made new memories that will last a lifetime. Fans were also treated to a variety of new announcements from the closing ceremonies and from panels during the weekend.
2027 Pokémon World Championships Will Journey to Singapore Next Year
The next stop on Victory Road will take Trainers to Singapore for the 2027 Pokémon World Championships at Singapore EXPO. More details will be shared in the future
here
.
“Pokémon: Wild Card,” an All-New Feature-Length Animated Movie, Announced for Release Beginning in 2027
“
Pokémon: Wild Card
” will be the first release of a Pokémon movie in years. The story follows an aspiring Pokémon Trading Card Game player and Mimikyu, the Disguise Pokémon. In production with STORY inc. and CloverWorks, one of Japan’s top animation studios, Trainers can look forward to this animated film adventure coming soon.
Z Mega Evolutions Debuting in Pokémon Champions
Pokémon that can undergo Z Mega Evolution will make their debut in Pokémon Champions on Sept. 9, 2026, alongside other Pokémon. Mega Lucario Z, Mega Garchomp Z and Mega Absol Z will be appearing in addition to Baxcalibur and Rillaboom. Trainers can also look forward to more information on Heatran joining battles in the future.
Exclusive Teaser Trailer Debuts for “Pokémon Tales: The Misadventures of Sirfetch’d & Pichu,” Coming Exclusively to Disney+ in 2027
Fans enjoyed a special
“Behind the Scenes with Aardman — ‘Pokémon Tales: The Misadventures of Sirfetch’d & Pichu’”
presentation.
Phil Rynda, Pokémon’s director of original animation
, was joined by key creatives from
Aardman, one of Britain’s most celebrated animation studios
— creators of “Shaun the Sheep” and “Wallace & Gromit.”
Aardman’s Tom Parkinson (director), Nat McKay (creative director, IP development) and James Young (model making creative lead)
shared how their team is combining character, comedy and craft to create the brand-new hilarious stop-motion adventure set in Pokémon’s Galar region.
Disney+
was revealed as
the exclusive streaming home for the series
, set to debut in 2027. The news led into the session’s biggest fan moment:
the world premiere of a
brand-new teaser trailer
giving audiences their best glimpse yet at the misadventures ahead.
Five New LEGO® Pokémon™ Creatures Teased for 2027; World’s Biggest LEGO® Pokémon™ Builds Showcased
During the on-stage panel
“LEGO® Pokémon™: You’re the Trainer Now,”
fans were treated to an exclusive tease of
five new LEGO® Pokémon™ creatures
coming in 2027, with launch details to be announced soon. In addition, 10,500 fans contributed to a life-size community build of the Legendary Pokémon Rayquaza, placing more than
400,000 2x4 LEGO® bricks
over the weekend in a build measuring over
25 feet (7 meters) long, 10 feet (3 meters) tall
and weighing more than
2,000 pounds (900 kilograms)
. Also unveiled were the
world’s largest-ever LEGO® Pokémon™ builds
, bringing Venusaur, Charizard and Blastoise to life with more than
393,000 LEGO® bricks
. Weighing approximately
2,000 pounds (900 kilograms)
, the towering models took
1,856 hours (77 days)
to complete.
New
Pokémon GO Battle Features Announced, Bringing Mega-Evolved Pokémon to GO Battle League
This year,
Pokémon GO
celebrated its 10th anniversary, marking a decade since the mobile game first launched in 2016. For the first time in
Pokémon GO, eligible Mega-Evolved Pokémon will gain access to a third Charged Attack, introducing new strategic possibilities and ways for Trainers to battle their friends and rivals.
Starting next season,
Trainers will also be able to use Mega-Evolved Pokémon at all levels in GO Battle League.
Additionally, Armored Mewtwo will be making its return to Pokémon GO soon. For more information about the Pokémon GO mobile game, visit
PokemonGO.com
.
Powerful New Pokémon Cards Revealed Alongside New
ex
★
Series for the Pokémon
Trading Card Game
The Pokémon TCG unveiled powerful new Pokémon cards such as Mega Lucario Z ex, marking the debut of Z Mega Evolution Pokémon in the iconic game. More Mega attack rare cards will also be coming soon to the Pokémon TCG, including Mega Rayquaza ex, Mega Darkrai ex, Mega Greninja ex and Mega Zygarde ex.
In addition, fans were treated to an exciting appearance from formidable Legendary Pokémon Raikou, Entei and Suicune, coming soon to the Pokémon TCG in the newly revealed
ex
★
Series. More details will be shared in the future.
Dual-Type Pokémon Coming Soon to Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
Beginning October 2026, players will be able to expand their card collections in the globally popular Pokémon TCG Pocket app with the introduction of dual-type Pokémon in the game’s next series. More information will be available at a later date.
Morpeko, Toxtricity, Jolteon and Flareon Join the Fray in Pokémon UNITE
Morpeko, Toxtricity, Jolteon and Flareon were announced as the latest playable Pokémon coming soon to Pokémon UNITE. Stay tuned for further updates on their unique moves and roles in the game. For more information about Pokémon UNITE, please visit
UNITE.Pokemon.com
.
Thank you to all the Trainers from around the world who competed at the 2026 Pokémon World Championships, and a big congratulations to our newest champions:
Video Game Junior Division:
1st place: Kazuki Kage [JP]
2nd place: Kazutaka Hatahori [JP]
Video Game Senior Division:
1st place: Vikram Thiagarajan [UK]
2nd place: Carlos Verástegui [PE]
Video Game Masters Division:
1st place: Takuma Yamazaki [JP]
2nd place: Hiroshi Onishi [JP]
Trading Card Game Junior Division:
1st place: Yuta Araki [JP]
2nd place: Luke Giffen [US]
Trading Card Game Senior Division:
1st place: Jake Ng [AU]
2nd place: Cobey Huh [US]
Trading Card Game Masters Division:
1st place: Andrew Hedrick [US]
2nd place: Diego Cassiraga [AR]
Pokémon GO:
1st place:
Hiroki "GGs489hiromaru" Yamauchi
[JP]
2nd place:
Maxwell "MEweedle" Ember
[CH]
Pokémon UNITE:
1st place: Zeta Division [JP]
2nd place: KOMAÏ [EU]
For more information, visit
PokemonXP.com
and
Pokemon.com/Worlds
. Learn more about the Play! Pokémon program at
Play.Pokemon.com
.
###
About The Pokémon Company International
The Pokémon Company International manages the Pokémon property outside of Asia and is responsible for brand management, licensing, marketing, the Pokémon Trading Card Game, the animated TV series, home entertainment and the official Pokémon website. Pokémon was launched in Japan in 1996 and today is one of the most popular children’s entertainment properties in the world. For more information, please visit
www.pokemon.com
.
About Nintendo
Nintendo Co., Ltd., headquartered in Kyoto, Japan, has been providing a wide range of entertainment products and experiences since its founding in 1889, beginning with the manufacture and sale of Hanafuda playing cards. Since the 1983 release of the Family Computer (Famicom) system in Japan, and continuing through Nintendo Switch 2, Nintendo’s focus has been the development, manufacturing, and sale of its gaming systems and software. To date, Nintendo has sold more than 6 billion video games and over 870 million hardware units globally, and has created franchises such as Mario™, Donkey Kong™, The Legend of Zelda™, Pokémon™, Metroid™, Kirby™, Animal Crossing™, Pikmin™, and Splatoon™. Nintendo’s continuing mission is to create reasons to choose Nintendo for unique, family-friendly entertainment that puts smiles on the faces of everyone it touches. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company’s website at
https://www.nintendo.com
.
Language options
Brazil
Mexico
United States
More information
Product links
Pokémon GO
Pokémon Trading Card Game Pocket
Pokémon Champions
LEGO® Pokémon™
"Pokémon Tales: The Misadventures of Sirfetch’d & Pichu"
Pokémon 30th Celebration
2026 Pokémon World Championships
PokémonXP
Contact
Litzky PR
pokemon@litzkypr.com
Assets
Download
0
items
Zip content limit reached!
Add set to downloads
PokémonXP & 2026 Pokémon World Championships Logo
Add set to downloads
Pokémon UNITE Morpeko Toxtricity Jolteon and Flareon Image
Add set to downloads
Pokémon GO: GO Fest 2026 Mega Finale Key Art
Add set to downloads
Pokémon TCG Pocket Artwork
Add set to downloads
“Pokémon: Wild Card" Images
Add set to downloads
Pokémon TCG: 2026 Pokémon World Championships Announcement Artwork
Add set to downloads
2027 Pokémon World Championships Artwork & Logo
Add set to downloads
PokémonXP LEGO Experience Images
Add set to downloads
“Pokémon Tales: The Misadventures of Sirfetch’d & Pichu” Images
Add set to downloads
PokémonXP and 2026 Pokémon World Championships Event Images
Add set to downloads
“Pokémon: Wild Card" Trailer
Add set to downloads
Pokémon TCG: 2026 Pokémon World Championships Announcement Trailer
www.pokemon.com
facebook.com/Pokemon
x.com/pokemon
youtube.com/pokemon
instagram.com/pokemon
Press site by
© 2026 Pokémon. TM, ® Nintendo.
Legal Information
|
Media Usage Guidelines
This is taking longer than usual to load.
Retry
Close
Your downloads
Total download size:
Clear list
Download
[
More
...]